TODOs

double tap things
long intro

esp 'look around'

'images' as a synonym

we should intro notebook somehow?

`proceed to breakfast`
should respond to commands we told them to do.

> “Proceed to breakfast” is a lovely turn of phrase, Mercedes. But all things in their time. You must be dressed properly first.

move

add icons for the other things


possible to get `notes` in a button?

look cell

20, 22, 4 jacks etc
special handlers?

22 = forgot yourself

find Leo


timer for hints?
when someone is stuck for a while


skip purely emoji codes

wtf task2 and task3


click poster doesn't show emoji?


look faucet
shouldn't return?
not be a synonym for 'handle'

get handle > just use star?

explain star syntax

debounce if same command twice


read poster == take poster

wash hands => good first step
but you need to say more.



hint
Hans, Nick, Piers, Fez...don’t think they are inmates here....

fix parser
!wash hands, neck, ears, and face


need green version of window

use sheet with window
move wardrobe

## single /shared player

> Well, obviously, I didn't understand that we were collectively playing one dude. I thought we each had separate characters, though I don't know WHY I thought that.


Web site created using create-react-app


Maybe just a note at game start "some items are more interactive than others - look for this prompt!"

green button prompt

## tone

I felt that the shooting was a rather sudden and shocking tonal shift
i wonder what else we could do to let ppl know its one “shared” player POV
And I wouldn't say don't do it, but I will say that, in my opinion, you better make sure that pays off - that it is worthwhile
> Just that my understanding is that this will be deployed as a team-building game (which is a great idea) but given that, you can't control who will be in this thing, and not everybody will have much of a tolerance for the blood.


I wanted to look at the images, and Ben was on it

